greetings my name is Elizabeth Denise
I'm the director of culinary arts and
the college executive chef at Burlington
County College today I'd like to make a
very simple Irish box T which is a great
way to use leftover mashed potatoes here
we have some nice fresh shredded potato
some fresh dill some mashed potatoes
leftover from last night's dinner some
fresh sour cream and some wonderful
smoked salmon I purchased this morning
we're going to start with making our
potato pancake I'm just going to take a
little bit of the leftover potato mash
it in a bowl I'm going to take a little
bit of the shredded potato and mix it
with the mashed potato I'm then going to
take the little pancake that I have take
shredded potato and essentially just
press it into the outside of the pancake
so you get this wonderful little potato
pancake that's coated with fresh
shredded potatoes you don't want it too
thick because you want it nice and
crispy and you want a fluffy on the
inside
I've already seasoned the mashed potato
so I won't be seasoning again until the
pancake is out of the frying pan it's
going to turn on the frying pans a
little bit of oil not too much just
enough to coat the bottom of the pan
we're gonna let that heat up for just a
moment we'll put our pancake in there
you can also add things to the potato
before you make a cake out of it you can
add a little bit of ham or a little bit
of fresh chives or fresh dill makes a
wonderful addition just be a moment till
the pan is heated we're gonna let that
cook for about three minutes on either
side so it's nice and brown
so as you can see our pancake here is
just about finished we're just flipped
it over we did relating the pancake cook
on the other side let me grab my plate
just want to make sure this is nice and
crispy this dish works wonderfully when
everything is crispy
grab my spatula
put a little bit of sour cream on the
bottom
little bit of smoked salmon a little bit
more sour cream right on the top there
little bit of fresh dill and there you
have a smoked salmon potato boxty great
way to get rid of leftover mashed potato
and make a beautiful breakfast or brunch
dish you can also make this dish in
miniature and serve it as an hors
d'oeuvre at your next house party
you